Mkleen/fix view (#17849)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/5.10.6.rst

Fixes
=====

> - Fixed a bug where the session setting ``SET error_on_unknown_object_key = FALSE``

Reviewer: you could also link to `conf-session-error_on_unknown_object_key` anchor.

> - Fixed a bug where the session setting ``SET error_on_unknown_object_key = FALSE``
>   was ignored on views. Previously created views need to be recreated to apply the
>   setting successfully.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the session setting ``SET error_on_unknown_object_key = FALSE``
  was not persisted into a view, and such not taken into account when executing the view.
  Previously created views need to be recreated to apply the setting successfully.
```
